TARGET ARCHITECTURE
===================

General Requirements
--------------------

NOTE: This is a collection of requirements not yet associated to other sections.

In general the architecture should model the architecture of actual radar and control systems.

(Req-Gen-10) There shall be a radar which provides radar targets with primary and secondary information
(position + transponder data).

(Req-Gen-20) The radar display is updated whenever radar data updates are received.

(Req-Gen-30) There shall be a flightplan server providing flightplan data by flightnumber or callsign.

(Req-Gen-40) The flightplan data consists of the typical data provided in the normal ICAO flightplan forms:
	- Callsign/Flight Number
	- Flightrules, Type of flight
	- Number of aircraft, Aircraft type (ICAO), Wake category
	- Navigation equipment
	- Aerodrome of departure, EOBT
	- Speed, Cruise Level, Route
	- Aerodrome of destination, ELDT, Alternates
	- Remarks

(Req-Gen-50) Coordination data shall be passed from sector to sector on coordination.

(Req-Gen-60) Coordination is a multi-step process, in which multiple refinements of coordination data may occur until the transferring controller has released the aircraft and the next controller as assumed control over it.

(Req-Gen-70) The communication model shall support both structured messages (e.g. for AI aircraft) as well as simple text and voice messages.

Interface
---------

(Req-UI-10) The implementation shall separated display element from logical element.

For example for an aircraft, the display element is the object representing the aircraft on the radar display, while the logical element
is the representation of the current state of the aircraft in the system. Multiple display elements may represent the same logical element.
Each display element is updated whenever at least one part of the logical element changes which is displayed in the display element.

The display element also represents the locus of interaction with the logical element, i.e. it accepts input actions by the user and
forwards them accordingly to the logical element.

(Req-UI-20) Logical and physical interaction shall be distinguished.

The logical interaction with an object represents the direct interaction visible by the logical element, while the physical interaction
represents the concrete elements of display by the system and the actions carried out by the user with the primary input devices to
instruct the logical interactions.

For example, in case of the change of cleared flight level, the logical interaction is the abstract change of flight level to a new value,
while the physical interaction consists in the movement of the pointer over the cleared flight level field in the aircraft label, clicking
with button B1, the display of the flight level window by the system, the movement of the pointer over the new value for the cleared flight
level field and the selection of the intended level by clicking B1.

(Req-UI-30) To achieve consistency of the interaction between user and system, the physical interaction corresponding to a given logical interaction
shall be the same or similar throughout the whole user interface.

(Req-UI-40) Patterns of interaction shall be analysed and implemented.

Interaction patterns
--------------------

(Req-UI-50) Clicking on the callsign of a vehicle invokes the callsign menu, providing access to the available actions modifying the planning
planning state of the vehicle.
